a gang of bank robbers right in the
daytime fusing gold then leisurely
transport the gold out in front of the
police
the police were completely unaware how
sophisticated a robbery was this
the story tells that from the second
world war a group of american soldiers
succeeded in robbing tons of gold left
by the german this gold became the booty
and was finally sent back to the u.s
federal reserve bank
since they have been sealed very little
is known of their existence
40 years later there is a gang of masked
bandits forming a complete organization
led by a woman they have successfully
stormed the u.s federal bank
they let all of the bank staff go only
keeping the bank manager and a dozen
innocent customers as hostages
not only took their phones but the
bandits also made them change their
clothes to look alike
to disturb the police's vision the
police cannot know who is the hostage
who is the robber it was so dang awesome
the woman who was in charge called out
the bank manager to hand over the key
at first he even pretended he didn't
know where it was then he suddenly
received a punch in his face
he obediently gives them the key to the
vault of the bank the door just opened
in front of them were tons of gold the
bank manager still advised them that
this was just a waste of time and effort
they could not escape with this 2
trillion worth of gold the outside was
surrounded by police
but the bandits didn't seem interested
in this gold she told him to open
another door
it was the door to the discarded
warehouse the bandits check the old
crates inside
excitedly discover what they want to
find which is the german gold that year
the bandits immediately start to work
intending to turn the gold into a liquid
to execute
their plan this requires very
sophisticated techniques
how could they possibly escape with that
amount of gold the female leader ariella
alone went to the locker
opened drawer number 392 and stuffed a
lot of stuff inside
outside the police did not dare to do
anything yet after all
there were dozens of hostages inside so
they invited two negotiating experts to
come
they were remy and stuart both of them
are excellent and very experienced
they have never failed before remy tried
calling and talking to ariela
but she didn't want to hear his [ __ ]
and immediately hung up after a while
she actively called also asked for water
and food she also wanted two cars to
carry out the money
and if he didn't listen to her words
after midnight they would kill a hostage
for each hour
for the safety of the hostages remy
decided to bring water and food to the
robbers himself and even chatted with
ariela
but all this was carefully considered by
the bandits asking for water and food is
just to buy the police's time
meanwhile the robbers act quickly rushed
to melt all the gold
ariela also asked the police to prepare
a helicopter but in the bank a bunch of
bandits is still digging a tunnel
after all what was the plan of the
bandits the police were not useless
either
the negotiator steward has said that
this case is related to the diamond
robbery five years ago
this time it's very likely to be the
second robbery after the investigation
they found that the man behind the
diamond robbery five years ago was
revealed by a young man
but he is already dead the diamonds also
disappear his son is also a gang boss
participating in many criminal
activities around the world stewart
predicted that this incident is
definitely related to the robbery last
time
in the evening the two cars that ariela
[Music]
requested
so
brother was a member of the diamond
robbery gang back then he was also the
young man who gave the lead of the case
to the police
after the leader died his son embraced
hatred then kidnapped her and her
brother
forcing ariella to use the same
techniques to rob the bank again
she must use the money to redeem her
brother at this point ariela had told
stewart that if there were any problems
she must do as she said
what was she going to do after all after
that she detonated a bomb in the bank
even she was blown away
the police outside heard the bombs
exploded and rushed into the bank
it seems that the bombs went off not to
explode the tunnel the bank was next to
the river
so when the bombs went off the water
flooded the bank ariela was also drowned
by the water
the hostages began to run away the
situation was extremely chaotic
even the bandits also mixed in there so
the police could not distinguish who
were the hostages
causing chaos was also ariela's true
goal after the incident
the police received an interview the
person in charge made sure all the
hostages were safely rescued
and that the robbers have failed and the
money in the bank was not lost
at this moment remy discovered that
stewart could not be found
before she left she had written three
numbers of 392 on the board
these three numbers are also the number
on the drawer of the diamond theft case
remy then found and opened the cabinet
the inside was the evidence of the
robbery back then
these are the things that ariela left
she hopes to borrow a hand from the
police to attack the sun's crime
syndicate
the next day the cleaning staff arrived
to take care of the scene
see that golden fence do you know where
all of the gold went
it turned out that the bandits used the
molten gold to cast it into the bank's
fence's shape
when the bombs exploded it destroyed
both so the golden fences were mixed
with the rest
handling the scene where the bandits
tons of gold vanished just like that
remy returned to the crime scene he also
understood the bandit's plan
he also understood how ariella had
escaped she hid on the vents of the bank
and the next day easily snuggled into
the robbers
pretended to be a cleaner and sneaked
away in the end ariela and stuart
reached an agreement
using the gold to bait the mastermind's
son all of his crime syndicate had been
caught at once
originally whether he received the money
or not he would still kill ariela's
brother
ariella also understood this so she made
an agreement with stuart
she intended to use the police to avenge
her brother that's the end of this movie
thank you and goodbye